<!-- This file was autogenerated from Camera.tsx do not modify -->

```tsx
import { Camera } from '@rnmapbox/maps';

Camera
```
Controls the perspective from which the user sees the map.

To use imperative methods, pass in a ref object:

```tsx
const camera = useRef<Camera>(null);

useEffect(() => {
  camera.current?.setCamera({
    centerCoordinate: [lon, lat],
  });
}, []);

return (
  <Camera ref={camera} />
);
```

## props

  
### type

```tsx
literal
```
Allows static check of the data type. For internal use only.


  
### centerCoordinate

```tsx
number[] | [number, number]
```
The location on which the map should center.


  
### bounds

```tsx
intersection
```
The corners of a box around which the map should bound. Contains padding props for backwards
compatibility; the root `padding` prop should be used instead.


  
### heading

```tsx
number
```
The heading (orientation) of the map.


  
### pitch

```tsx
number
```
The pitch of the map.


  
### zoomLevel

```tsx
number
```
The zoom level of the map.


  
### padding

TODO
The viewport padding in points.


  
### animationDuration

```tsx
number
```
The duration the map takes to animate to a new configuration.


  
### animationMode

```tsx
| 'flyTo'
| 'easeTo'
| 'linearTo'
| 'moveTo'
| 'none'
```
The easing or path the camera uses to animate to a new configuration.


  
### followUserLocation

```tsx
boolean
```
Whether the map orientation follows the user location.


  
### followUserMode

```tsx
UserTrackingMode
```
The mode used to track the user location on the map.


  
### followZoomLevel

```tsx
number
```
The zoom level used when following the user location.


  
### followPitch

```tsx
number
```
The pitch used when following the user location.


  
### followHeading

```tsx
number
```
The heading used when following the user location.


  
### followPadding

```tsx
Partial
```
The padding used to position the user location when following.


  
### minZoomLevel

```tsx
number
```
The lowest allowed zoom level.


  
### maxZoomLevel

```tsx
number
```
The highest allowed zoom level.


  
### maxBounds

TODO
The corners of a box defining the limits of where the camera can pan or zoom.


  
### defaultSettings

TODO
The configuration that the camera falls back on, if no other values are specified.


  
### allowUpdates

```tsx
boolean
```
Whether the camera should send any configuration to the native module. Prevents unnecessary tile
fetching and improves performance when the map is not visible. Defaults to `true`.


  
### triggerKey

```tsx
string | number
```
Any arbitrary primitive value that, when changed, causes the camera to retry moving to its target
configuration. (Not yet implemented.)


  
### onUserTrackingModeChange

```tsx
func
```
Executes when user tracking mode changes.
*signature:*`(event:MapboxGLEvent) => void`


  





## methods
### setCamera()

Sets any camera properties, with default fallbacks if unspecified.

#### arguments
| Name | Type | Required | Description  |
| ---- | :--: | :------: | :----------: |




```javascript
camera.current?.setCamera({
  centerCoordinate: [lon, lat],
});
```


### fitBounds()

Set the camera position to enclose the provided bounds, with optional<br/>padding and duration.

#### arguments
| Name | Type | Required | Description  |
| ---- | :--: | :------: | :----------: |




```javascript
camera.fitBounds([lon, lat], [lon, lat]);
camera.fitBounds([lon, lat], [lon, lat], [20, 0], 1000);
```


### flyTo()

Sets the camera to center around the provided coordinate using a realistic 'travel'<br/>animation, with optional duration.

#### arguments
| Name | Type | Required | Description  |
| ---- | :--: | :------: | :----------: |




```javascript
camera.flyTo([lon, lat]);
camera.flyTo([lon, lat], 12000);
```


### moveTo()

Sets the camera to center around the provided coordinate, with optional duration.

#### arguments
| Name | Type | Required | Description  |
| ---- | :--: | :------: | :----------: |




```javascript
camera.moveTo([lon, lat], 200);
camera.moveTo([lon, lat]);
```


### zoomTo()

Zooms the camera to the provided level, with optional duration.

#### arguments
| Name | Type | Required | Description  |
| ---- | :--: | :------: | :----------: |




```javascript
camera.zoomTo(16);
camera.zoomTo(16, 100);
```



