<!-- This file was autogenerated from ModelLayer.tsx do not modify -->

  Mapbox spec: [model](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/layers/#model)
  

```tsx
import { ModelLayer } from '@rnmapbox/maps';

ModelLayer

```
ModelLayer is a style layer that renders one or more stroked polylines on the map.

## props

  
### id

```tsx
string
```
_required_
A string that uniquely identifies the source in the style to which it is added.


  
### existing

```tsx
boolean
```
The id refers to en existing layer in the style. Does not create a new layer.


  
### sourceID

```tsx
string
```
The source from which to obtain the data to style.
If the source has not yet been added to the current style, the behavior is undefined.
Inferred from parent source only if the layer is a direct child to it.

  _defaults to:_ `Mapbox.StyleSource.DefaultSourceID`

  
### sourceLayerID

```tsx
string
```
Identifier of the layer within the source identified by the sourceID property from which the receiver obtains the data to style.


  
### aboveLayerID

```tsx
string
```
Inserts a layer above aboveLayerID.


  
### belowLayerID

```tsx
string
```
Inserts a layer below belowLayerID


  
### layerIndex

```tsx
number
```
Inserts a layer at a specified index


  
### filter

```tsx
FilterExpression
```
Filter only the features in the source layer that satisfy a condition that you define


  
### minZoomLevel

```tsx
number
```
The minimum zoom level at which the layer gets parsed and appears.


  
### maxZoomLevel

```tsx
number
```
The maximum zoom level at which the layer gets parsed and appears.


  
### slot

```tsx
'bottom' | 'middle' | 'top'
```
The slot this layer is assigned to. If specified, and a slot with that name exists, it will be placed at that position in the layer order.

v11 only


  
### style

```tsx
ModelLayerStyleProps
```
Customizable style attributes


  






