<!-- This file was autogenerated from PointAnnotation.tsx do not modify -->

  

```tsx
import { PointAnnotation } from '@rnmapbox/maps';

PointAnnotation

```
PointAnnotation represents a one-dimensional shape located at a single geographical coordinate.

Consider using ShapeSource and SymbolLayer instead, if you have many points and static images,
they'll offer much better performance.

If you need interactive views please use MarkerView because PointAnnotation will render children onto a bitmap.
Also disable any kind of animations like `fadeDuration` of `Image`.
Otherwise, the bitmap might be rendered at an unknown state of the animation.

## props

  
### id

```tsx
string
```
_required_
A string that uniquely identifies the annotation


  
### title

```tsx
string
```
The string containing the annotation’s title. Note this is required to be set if you want to see a callout appear on iOS.


  
### snippet

```tsx
string
```
The string containing the annotation’s snippet(subtitle). Not displayed in the default callout.


  
### selected

```tsx
boolean
```
Manually selects/deselects annotation


  
### draggable

```tsx
boolean
```
Enable or disable dragging. Defaults to false.

  _defaults to:_ `false`

  
### coordinate

```tsx
Position
```
_required_
The center point (specified as a map coordinate) of the annotation.


  
### anchor

```tsx
type Anchor = {
  x: number; /* See anchor */
  y: number; /* See anchor */
}
```
Specifies the anchor being set on a particular point of the annotation.
The anchor point is specified in the continuous space [0.0, 1.0] x [0.0, 1.0],
where (0, 0) is the top-left corner of the image, and (1, 1) is the bottom-right corner.
Note this is only for custom annotations not the default pin view.
Defaults to the center of the view.

  _defaults to:_ `{ x: 0.5, y: 0.5 }`

  
### onSelected

```tsx
func
```
This callback is fired once this annotation is selected. Returns a Feature as the first param.
*signature:*`(payload:Feature) =&gt; void`


  
### onDeselected

```tsx
func
```
This callback is fired once this annotation is deselected.
*signature:*`(payload:Feature) =&gt; void`


  
### onDragStart

```tsx
func
```
This callback is fired once this annotation has started being dragged.
*signature:*`(payload:Feature) =&gt; void`


  
### onDragEnd

```tsx
func
```
This callback is fired once this annotation has stopped being dragged.
*signature:*`(payload:Feature) =&gt; void`


  
### onDrag

```tsx
func
```
This callback is fired while this annotation is being dragged.
*signature:*`(payload:Feature) =&gt; void`


  
### children

```tsx
React.ReactElement | [React.ReactElement, React.ReactElement]
```
_required_
Expects one child, and an optional callout can be added as well


  
### style

```tsx
ViewProps['style']
```
FIX ME NO DESCRIPTION


  





## methods
### refresh()

On v10 and pre v10 android point annotation is rendered offscreen with a canvas into an image.<br/>To rerender the image from the current state of the view call refresh.<br/>Call this for example from Image#onLoad.

#### arguments
| Name | Type | Required | Description  |
| ---- | :--: | :------: | :----------: |



[Show Point Annotations](../examples/Annotations/ShowPointAnnotation)
