<!-- This file was autogenerated from RasterSource.tsx do not modify -->

  

```tsx
import { RasterSource } from '@rnmapbox/maps';

RasterSource

```
RasterSource is a map content source that supplies raster image tiles to be shown on the map.
The location of and metadata about the tiles are defined either by an option dictionary
or by an external file that conforms to the TileJSON specification.

## props

  
### id

```tsx
string
```
A string that uniquely identifies the source.

  _defaults to:_ `MapboxGL.StyleSource.DefaultSourceID`

  
### existing

```tsx
boolean
```
The id refers to en existing source in the style. Does not create a new source.


  
### url

```tsx
string
```
A URL to a TileJSON configuration file describing the source’s contents and other metadata.


  
### tileUrlTemplates

```tsx
Array
```
An array of tile URL templates. If multiple endpoints are specified, clients may use any combination of endpoints.
Example: https://example.com/raster-tiles/{z}/{x}/{y}.png


  
### minZoomLevel

```tsx
number
```
An unsigned integer that specifies the minimum zoom level at which to display tiles from the source.
The value should be between 0 and 22, inclusive, and less than
maxZoomLevel, if specified. The default value for this option is 0.


  
### maxZoomLevel

```tsx
number
```
An unsigned integer that specifies the maximum zoom level at which to display tiles from the source.
The value should be between 0 and 22, inclusive, and less than
minZoomLevel, if specified. The default value for this option is 22.


  
### tileSize

```tsx
number
```
Size of the map tiles.
Mapbox urls default to 256, all others default to 512.


  
### tms

```tsx
boolean
```
Influences the y direction of the tile coordinates. (tms inverts y axis)


  
### attribution

```tsx
string
```
An HTML or literal text string defining the buttons to be displayed in an action sheet when the
source is part of a map view’s style and the map view’s attribution button is pressed.


  
### children

```tsx
React.ReactElement | React.ReactElement[]
```
FIX ME NO DESCRIPTION


  






