<!-- This file was autogenerated from RasterArraySource.tsx do not modify -->

  

```tsx
import { RasterArraySource } from '@rnmapbox/maps';

RasterArraySource

```
RasterArraySource is a map content source that supplies raster array image tiles to be shown on the map.
This is typically used for particle animations like wind or precipitation patterns.
The location of and metadata about the tiles are defined either by an option dictionary
or by an external file that conforms to the TileJSON specification.

@experimental This component requires Mapbox Maps SDK v11.4.0 or later

## props

  
### id

```tsx
string
```
A string that uniquely identifies the source.

  _defaults to:_ `Mapbox.StyleSource.DefaultSourceID`

  
### existing

```tsx
boolean
```
The id refers to an existing source in the style. Does not create a new source.


  
### url

```tsx
string
```
A URL to a TileJSON configuration file describing the source's contents and other metadata.


  
### tileUrlTemplates

```tsx
Array
```
An array of tile URL templates. If multiple endpoints are specified, clients may use any combination of endpoints.
Example: https://example.com/raster-tiles/{z}/{x}/{y}.png


  
### minZoomLevel

```tsx
number
```
An unsigned integer that specifies the minimum zoom level at which to display tiles from the source.
The value should be between 0 and 22, inclusive, and less than
maxZoomLevel, if specified. The default value for this option is 0.


  
### maxZoomLevel

```tsx
number
```
An unsigned integer that specifies the maximum zoom level at which to display tiles from the source.
The value should be between 0 and 22, inclusive, and less than
minZoomLevel, if specified. The default value for this option is 22.


  
### tileSize

```tsx
number
```
Size of the map tiles.
Defaults to 512.


  
### children

```tsx
React.ReactElement | React.ReactElement[]
```
FIX ME NO DESCRIPTION


  
### sourceBounds

```tsx
Array
```
An array containing the longitude and latitude of the southwest and northeast corners of
the source's bounding box in the following order: `[sw.lng, sw.lat, ne.lng, ne.lat]`.
When this property is included in a source, no tiles outside of the given bounds are requested by Mapbox GL.


  






